RETURN POLICY:
Thank you for your purchase. We hope you are happy with your purchase. However, if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it to us for a full refund, store credit, or an exchange. Please see below for more information on our return policy.

RETURNS:
All returns must be postmarked within thirty (30) days of the purchase date. All returned items must be in new and unused condition, with all original tags and labels attached.

RETURN PROCESS:
To return an item, please email customer service at support@malloftoys.com&nbsp; to receive a confirmation of the return. After receiving a confirmation, place the item securely in its original packaging, and mail your return to the following address:

Malloftoys Address:
100 University Dr
STE 7
Amherst MA 01002
United States

REFUNDS:
After receiving your return and inspecting the condition of your item, we will process your return or exchange. Please allow at least five (5) days from the receipt of your item to process your return or exchange. Refunds may take 1-2 billing cycles to appear on your credit card statement, depending on your credit card company. We will notify you by email when your return has been processed.;


EXCEPTIONS:

The following items cannot be returned or exchanged.

Without Box

For defective or damaged products, please contact us at the contact details below to arrange a refund or exchange.

QUESTIONS:

if you have any questions concerning our return policy, please contact us at support@malloftoys.com

Contact Information: Email : support@malloftoys.com


This Privacy Policy describes how malloftoys.com (the “Site” or “we”) collects, uses, and discloses your Personal Information when you visit or make a purchase from the Site.

Contact:
After reviewing this policy, if you have additional questions, want more information about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@malloftoys.com or by mail using the details provided below:

100 University Dr, Suite 7, Amherst MA 01002, United States
Collecting Personal Information

SHIPPING POLICY DOMESTIC (USA)

Most orders are shipped within 12-24 hours of order placement excluding the weekends. We use USPS First class mail 3-5 Day and Priority Mail 2-4 day for most products, depending on how many items are ordered.

SHIPPING POLICY International:

All international in stock orders are shipped within 12-24 hours. We usually use USPS International First class mail 12-21 Days or USPS international Priority 7-12 days for shipping depending on the amount items ordered.

DOMESTIC (United States) PRE-ORDERS

Pre-Orders do not ship until they are in stock, the estimated date of arrival is listed on the corresponding product page. If your order contains any pre-order item it will ship once in stock, the rest of your order will ship within 12-24 hour.

INTERNATIONAL- PRE-ORDERS

All international Pre-Orders ship once the items ordered are in stock, if you order contains some items that are instock and some that are Pre-Orders. Your order will NOT ship until the Pre-Order is in stock. Due to high shipping costs of international orders, we cannot split the order, hence we wait until the Pre-Ordered item is in stock to ship it all at once.




